Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest 🌲 Team @ Viki.com
What's this?
See for yourself.
Look in the middle.
What's this?
Countdown.
Where did you get these?
Wang Miao took them.
Every one of them was taken by him.
Every one has that thing on it.
When did he start taking these?
This is the first time.
Prior to this, it only appeared in pictures. But now, it's right in front of him.
I mean, he sees that countdown when he looks at things. It's there all the time.
Chang, while you're checking these out, I'll fill you in on something.
I used to have a colleague named Old Tian.
I think you know him.
He has a habit.
Every time, before he went on a mission,
he'd first check the total number of the cigarettes in his cigarette pack.
It had to be an odd number.
If was even, he'll pull one out before he left.
Don't smoke in here.
Strangely enough, as long as there was an odd number, he caught the suspect every time.
On one occasion, after he checked his cigarettes, I stealthily pulled one out.
Guess what?
On that day, he cornered the suspect at a dead end,
but somehow the he climbed over the wall and escaped.
Because of that, I didn't get any cigarettes from Tian for two months.
Chang, do you think this...
has anything to do with the case?
Then what did Wang Miao do that had nothing to do with the countdown?
Wang Miao shut down the nano-experiment, and the countdown disappeared.
I've always said that anything sufficiently weird must be fishy,
but this time around, this fishy thing's way too unusual.
Do you know who told him to shut down the experiment?
Shen Yufei.
♫  I don't know who I am  ♫
♫  And I don't know where I am  ♫
♫  Fly and fly  ♫
♫  Never reached the sky  ♫
♫  I'm lost in the forest  ♫
♫  When I just can't leave my land  ♫
♫  On my way  ♫
♫  To endless darkness  ♫
♫  Waiting for your boat  ♫
♫  Can you take me from the old world  ♫
♫  But now we cannot stop  ♫
♫  All my life feels me sailing  ♫
♫  We'll stop in time  ♫
♫  The falling stars are still alive every night  ♫
♫  Moon is full of sorrow  ♫
[ Three-Body ]
[Episode 6]
It's very weird that I, a would-be Buddhist, raise chickens, right?
I heard that chicken used to be your favorite food.
Yeah.
A student of mine, who didn't know I'd converted to Buddhism,
came to visit. He actually brought me a couple of chickens.
I couldn't eat them, even if I wanted to, so I had no choice but to keep them.
You see, now they've become so many.
It's not weird.
I'm a scientist but I pray quite often.
I wonder if these chickens know it is me who's been feeding them.
Just like I don't know if the deity you pray to can see your piety or not.
I mean, can the whole universe see your piety or not?
It flickers with a crackling sound,
and Shen Yufei told Wang Miao beforehand when it would flicker.
The rhythm of its flickering was a code.
After the code was deciphered,
it was still counting down.
Do you guys raise chickens in Pastoral China?
That plan was made by Pan Han and some others.
I have nothing to do with it.
I heard he threw people back into the natural environment
to reduce consumption and trash.
You don't like his method of environmental protection?
What's the point of that?
Humans will never give up city life and get back to nature.
Only a small number of people have seen through the emptiness of earthly life.
What is this countdown exactly?
Where does it come from?
And what will happen when it ends?
That's what I'm going to find out.
Old Chang,
what should we do with Wang Miao?
Shen Yufei put a lot of work into him.
Her efforts will not be in vain.
But don't worry.
Wang Miao is definitely our key to finding the truth.
That's right.
All right.
My report is over.
I understand.
You left me an odd number.
I'm leaving.
How does it feel to see through the emptiness of earthly life?
Not interesting.
You guys think I'm boring.
I think your guys are also boring.
So...
this is very interesting!
Interesting!
Professor Peng, I'm Chang Weisi.
I have a question for you.
Can the universe flicker?
We have the European, North American, African, and all the other major combat zones.
Send those pictures to them right now.
Okay.
I'm sorry everyone that I kept you waiting.
The latest news
happened a moment ago. Another exceptional case occurred in the Asian Combat Zone.
Another scientist's suicide?
No.
Someone saw a countdown.
A countdown?
You mean, like, the ones in the photographs?
Were they printed?
They're not printed.
We haven't verified how they came into being.
Those in the pictures... are only in a preliminary form.
What do you mean?
Are they projected or are there other carriers?
It's somewhat bizarre.
I should say this is something we've never seen before.
It's on his retina.
What? Undercover?
That's one way to put it.
You see, all those things
have something to do with Shen Yufei and the Frontiers of Science.
Shen Yufei came to you.
If you don't go undercover, do you think they'll come to me someday?
I used to think the Frontiers of Science was just an academic organization.
But I see it differently now.
What do you mean by "differently"?
I don't know how to explain it clearly,
but I know very well that they're desperate to have me accept a hard truth.
And it's that no matter whether we're eating, chatting,
or improving civilization, developing science and technology,
or deepening our understanding of this society,
it doesn't change the fact that we're just a flock of turkeys on a neglected farm.
Even so, you're an undercover science-savvy turkey.
I'm not like you. I'm a bodyguard turkey.
Don't worry.
I'll always be there for you.
You'll never understand what I've been through,
or what I'm going through.
Here.
Look here.
Don't be afraid.
I had a friend make this for me.
I told him I wanted a super-long countdown timer.
He's an expert bomb maker who blows up things.
This is the best he can do.
I...
I don't know what your countdown is about.
Anyway, here's the point.
Wang Miao, if your time is up, mine will be up as well.
Do you understand?
Come on.
Let's set the clock.
You're cross-eyed.
Are the countdown numbers very close to each other?
Not that close.
Tell me. What is it?
One, zero, one, eight,
four, five, two.
One.
Zero.
One. Eight.
Four. Five. Two.
All right.
Tell me when it's double four.
I'll press the button at the same time
and the countdown will start.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
One.
Are they the same?
Yeah.
Okay.
Done.
Look.
It's barely visible.
The experiment was restarted.
When will you finish the Flying Knife?
It's "Flying Blade".
What's the difference?
Currently, nano Flying Blades are made with molecular construction techniques,
but it's very resource-intensive.
Right now what we're trying to do
is develop a catalytic reaction as a substitute for molecular construction.
Can you translate those words for me?
I mean, use a language I can understand.
The experiment hasn't succeeded yet.
We still need to work on it.
Can you get the job done before it ends?
I mean, the countdown.
I don't know.
You said the countdown halted when you stopped the experiment.
Is it possible that this is a countdown to your success?
I mean, can it be that you'll succeed at the end of the countdown?
Your way of speaking is scientifically very unreasonable,
but there have been too many unreasonable things lately.
Just tell me if seeing it this way cheers you up.
Munphy also talked to Shen Yufei before his death.
If you're right, all those who had dealings with Shen Yufei
have either joined the Frontiers of Science or committed suicide.
Not all of them.
You're still alive, aren't you?
That's why you need to join it.
Apart from me, are there any other survivors?
Yes.
Yang Dong's mother.
During the investigation,
I originally thought that Shen Yufei got close to Ye Wenjie for Yang Dong.
It doesn't seem to be the case because Ye Wenjie is also scientist.
She's alive, and so are you.
You two survivors don't seem to follow any of the patterns.
Do you think it's possible Ye Wenjie can see the countdown as well?
Probably not.
The other day, when I went to observe cosmic background radiation,
she helped contact her student for me.
If she could also see the countdown, she should know what I was there for.
You've looked into Ye Wenjie, right?
I checked.
There's nothing out of the ordinary, except she didn't commit suicide.
This place used to be the museum warehouse.
It's very roomy.
Now it's your office.
A warehouse?
It's pretty nice.
Being big enough is the whole point.
There will be more than a dozen people, after all. They need enough space.
You've already started working?
General.
Let me introduce you.
The introduction can wait.
You should wait until everybody's here.
It'll save you the trouble of repeat introductions.
Everyone's here.
Xu Bingbing
transferred here from CID.
She's worth ten agents.
What do you mean by "Everyone's here"?
How do you know she's worth ten agents?
Why should I believe you?
Chang, how can you do this?
You're such a high-ranking general.
How could you go back on your word?
Do I need to have you write down every promise you make me?
Are you done talking?
You don't want her?
I'll take her away then.
Go, go, go.
Wait.
You can't leave.
I'm not letting her leave unless you get me the 10 people as promised.
I need a hostage.
All right.
Stop it.
I asked Chang for information specialists, not cleaners.
[ Ye Wenjie ]
[ Mu Xing ]
Ye Wenjie, astrophysicist.
Mu Xing, reporter and freelance media worker.
That's all?
I'm giving you four hours to gather everything you can on these two people.
All right.
This job requires at least two people.
This lists the names of all the scientists we need to investigate.
I want all the detailed information about them and their family members!
It must be done today!
All right.
And clean this room. I want it spotless.
Don't say, "All right." Say,  "Yes."
Understood.
Yes.
Reporters have learned from the meeting held on the 13th about the assignment of tasks
of 2007 Lucky Beijing volunteers and the Beijing Olympics urban volunteers that…
Dad, do you feel better?
Doudou put the eye drops in Dad's eyes, and Dad's eyes feel much better now.
You two, the rice is done and the fish will be ready in two minutes.
- Doudou, go wash your hands and eat.
- Get ready to eat.
Hurry.
Wash your hands clean, Doudou.
Li Yao, you and Doudou may eat without me.
I have an errand to run.
What errand do you have to run at mealtime?
You're going out, Dad?
Yes.
Dr. Doudou cured Dad's eye disease, so now Dad has to go to work.
I think Dad hasn't fully recovered yet.
The treatment has to continue.
You still don't get it?
Your daughter wants you to stay at home a bit longer.
Right, Doudou?
Dad will stay at home and keep Doudou company for many days after finishing this job.
Be good. Sit there and eat.
All right. Come and eat. Come on.
[ 997  44 47... 46, 45, 44, 43, 42 ]
Li Yao, the fish is almost done.
You may turn off the heat now.
It can't be done yet.
You're so accurate. Are you a stopwatch or something?
You're just too tense and too punctual.
It's bad for your health.
I have an appointment with an old expert today.
I can't be late.
Doudou, bye bye.
Bye bye. See you later, Dad.
- I've got to go.
- All right.
Xiao Wang, thanks.
Thank you for your hard work.
You're welcome,  Teacher Ye.
All right, thanks.
Let me help you with this.
By the way, Teacher Ye, a few days ago, I met a scientist. Her name's Shen Yufei.
Have you ever heard of her?
It rings a bell.
Maybe I saw her at some kind of event.
If my memory serves me well, she specializes in nanotechnology like you do.
Yeah.
By the way, the other day, when you went to the observatory, Sha Ruishan gave me a call.
He said you guys spotted some rather unscientific stuff.
That's right.
This is exactly what I want to consult you about.
You specialize in astrophysics.
In your experience, do you think it's possible for the universe to flicker?
According to what we know, that's impossible.
What about what we don't know?
When science goes beyond our comprehension,
it usually gets mistaken for heresy.
That's why it throws people into panic.
In human history,
science caused panic...
many times.
During the Renaissance in Europe, Copernicus was persecuted and repressed
by the Church for his heliocentric theory.
When "The Revolutions of the Heavenly Bodies" was published,
he only stroked its cover before passing away.
Bruno supported the heliocentric theory and was burned at the stake by the Church.
Cecco d'Ascoli, an astronomer, believed that the earth was round, and he was burned alive as well.
The theories that we see as common sense today
served only to cause great panic among the public in that era.
Just like the many problems we're faced with today.
In the future, when we look back on them, we'll find them as unsurprising as the fact that the earth is round.
Mu Xing returned from overseas only half a year ago.
She's in the new media industry.
Her reports are mainly about science and technology and environmental protection.
She's very aggressive in getting exposure in newspapers.
She once exaggerated the facts to create hot topics.
But some of her reports did bring attention to the issues and fix some of the problems.
[ Portfolio ]
Nothing else?
All information about Ye Wenjie is here,
including some deciphered files and some info about her father.
[ Ye Wenjie ]
They're all in here.
These are profiles about all the scientists on the list
and on the family members of some of the scientists who committed suicide.
I don't think this information have any special value,
but I looked into everything you asked me to look into.
All right.
If this task was assigned to ten people, it would definitely have been a waste of manpower.
In the observatory, there's a guy named Sha Ruishan.
- He—
- I know.
He's Ye Wenjie's student.
He went to observe cosmic flicker with Wang Miao a few days ago.
I'll investigate.
Here's my cell number.
My phone's on twenty-four seven.
If anything happens, you may call me anytime.
Yes.
All right.
Who are you looking for?
So you're Sha Ruishan?
How do you know?
The other day, Professor Wang Miao paid you a visit.
I need to verify a few things with you.
Who are you?
[ Xu Bingbing, CID of Beijing Public Security Bureau ]
I want some information about cosmic flickering.
Are you saying even if Ye Wenjie knows she's a turkey,
she'll feel it's unsurprising?
We only talked for a short time, but I feel much calmer.
No matter whether those theories of the Frontiers of Science are right or wrong,
I find them acceptable now.
Maybe we just don't know who we are exactly.
Just like Schrodinger's cat.
I know about cats.
Lately I've learn a lot about physics.
It's about putting a cat into a box, isn't it?
And when you open it, it's either dead or alive.
But isn't that frivolous?
It's just an experiment with a lot of constants and variables.
In other words, it's a process of finding proof and seeking confirmation.
Is that necessary?
What if the third possibility happens?
That'll be like seeing a ghost.
It'll mean physics no longer exists.
Does Ye Wenjie believe it?
She believes...
our physics might have ceased to exist.
Physics didn't cease to exist.
It's just the physics we know might be non-existent.
Many years from now, history will reveal the answer.
We might be Copernicus, Bruno,
or the Church.
Or maybe we're nothing.
Come. I'll show you something.
Come on.
None of the data has problems, but this is impossible.
Even the explosion of a supernova couldn't have done that.
What if someone made that happen?
That's even more impossible.
It's such a large scale.
It was spotted from the observatories in both Beijing and Urumqi.
Do you know what that means?
Can you see this?
Do you get it now?
I'm imposing human interference on your observation of this lamp.
This is both theoretically possible and doable.
But what's a cosmic flicker?
The observation signals received by Beijing and Urumqi observatories are from three observation satellites.
Do you know what that means?
What does it mean?
Let's say this is our earth.
These three are observation satellites.
To make the whole universe flicker with human interference,
theoretically, you need to build a gigantic screen at least
300,000 kilometers wide in a place 150,000 kilometers away from the earth.
Is there science behind your theory?
Science?
You want to talk about science with me?
Considering this scale, Batman and Iron Man can't do it. Even Superman can't do it.
In other words, it's impossible even in sci-fi.
Then what can make it happen?
Mythology!
Zeus should be able to swing it.
It was really not my doing.
I'm a cop.
I had dealings with a lot of criminals.
Criminals experienced things others didn't experience,
so sometimes their mindset is different as well.
Did Professor Ye experience anything unusual?
That's hard to say.
She lived in that era.
She might've been affected.
By the way, the constant and variable thing you talked about a moment ago.
The guy surnamed Schroedinger. Did he have to pick a cat?
Couldn't it be a rabbit, a squirrel, or anything like that?
What is this place?
Our office.
Roomy, huh?
Come. Come.
Take a look.
Spotlessly clean.
I brought you here to let you take a closer look and do some research into Ye Wenjie's file.
All right. Where's Professor Ye's file?
Over there.
Under the picture of Houyi Shooting Down The Suns.
Below the first sun.
Everything here is orderly.
You found it, right?
Yeah.
I'll fill you in while you read those.
Ye Wenjie's father was a great scientist, a counter-revolutionary one.
Now he's rehabilitated, of course.
Do you know who ratted on him?
His own daughter.
Professor Ye?
No.
Ye Wenjie's little sister.
Her name's Ye Wenxue.
And it gets better than that.
Do you know who delivered the decisive blow to him?
His wife. Shao Lin.
Uh, not Shaolin Monastery.
Her surname was Shao. Her given name was Lin.
It's all in here.
I wonder what Ye Wenjie felt at that time.
Ye Wenjie's little sister, Ye Wenxue,
personally had the leader of the campaign take her father away
for interrogation about the ideology embodied in his treatise.
[ 1967 ]
In the key phase of the interrogation,
Ye Zhetai's wife, Shao Lin, showed up as well.
Together with Ye Wenxue, they distanced themselves from Ye Zhetai,
which was a terrible blow to him.
Didn't Mother say
that Grandfather and Einstein were close friends?
That they used to discuss science together?
But why are they
beginning to criticize Einstein?
Shao Lin's father
did cross paths with Einstein.
In 1922,
on Nanjing Road
of Shanghai.
They were walking along the road.
Einstein suddenly asked a young boy smashing stones at the roadside,
how much he earned in a day.
He said five cents.
That was the only time he conversed with the master
who changed the world.
No physics.
No theory of relativity.
Only the hard truth.
Xiao Lin was better than me.
She proved all scientific achievements
were the fruits of the people's wisdom.
Those academic authorities of the bourgeoisie
just stole the fruits.
There are so many terms in physics.
Will changing the names be enough?
Any brilliant idea
will fall apart eventually.
The gravity of reality
is just too strong.
It never crossed my mind
that Professor Ye had been through something like that.
Now I can understand why she took Yang Dong's death so calmly.
But I find it confusing.
By rights, those who have lost a loved one
will definitely cherish familial bonding even more,
but Professor Ye doesn't seem to be like that.
It strikes me that the reason her grief was dissolved
is probably not so simple.
Professor Ye's father was unable to continue his research because of the era.
Professor Ye's daughter, since physics had ceased to exist,
couldn't continue her research either.
Maybe in Professor Ye's eyes, death was a relief to them.
We've never experienced anything like that, so maybe we can't understand it.
No.
Professor Ye didn't have many dealings with Shen Yufei,
but judging from what she said to you,
she's not against the theories of the Frontiers of Science.
Professor Ye's behavior is becoming an increasingly greater mystery to me.
What did she say to you again?
Did she say this was not the first time the scientific community had been in panic?
Yeah.
In human history, science caused panic many times.
We might be Copernicus, Bruno, or the Church.
Or maybe we're nothing.
Was she asking you to become someone like Copernicus?
Even if I wanted to become Copernicus, aren't I still your undercover agent?
Well, go ahead and become Copernicus.
With me protecting you, I promise you won't get burned alive.
Get burned alive?
That guy's name's Bruno.
What about Co-Copernicus?
He died of natural causes.
Well, with me protecting you, I promise you'll… be Copernicus.
Thank you.
[ Chat Recipient: ]
[ Lord's given the order.]
[ If Wang Miao continues his research, eliminate him. ]
[ Try to rope him in. ]
[ Lord's order must not be defied. ]
[It won't be defiance if we have him get to know Lord and join us.]
Timing and Subtitles by the
🦃 Turkeys in the Dark Forest🌲Team @ Viki.com
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
♫ I've seen things you people wouldn't believe ♫
♫ Soon our planet will vanish ♫
♫ I've known the future you people wouldn't think of ♫
♫ Soon your planet will be punished ♫
[ Three-Body ]